Create 2025-07-15.md (#256)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-verification/release-notes/2025-5-29.md

> We've added a restricted access endpoint for approved federal consumers to retrieve summary disability rating data with Veteran Social Security Number. The new endpoint name is restricted/summary/disability_rating. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a restricted access endpoint for approved federal consumers to retrieve summary disability rating data, including individual and combined ratings and eligibility dates for compensation for service-connected conditions, with a Veteran's Social Security Number. The new endpoint name is restricted/summary/disability_rating. 
```

> - Restricted_ indicates that access to the endpoint is limited to approved Federal Government consumers; and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "restricted" indicates that access to the endpoint is limited to approved Federal Government consumers; and
```

> - summary indicates returned data is a subset of information returned from a different endpoint.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "summary" indicates returned data from this endpoint is a subset of information returned from a different endpoint.  
```
can we specify what the other endpoint is?

> Summary/disability rating excludes any personal health information such as a medical diagnosis code or diagnosis description.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restricted/summary/disability_rating excludes any personal health information such as a medical diagnosis code or diagnosis descriptions.   
```
